Feat: Allow raising errors from within a custom whatever(#2718) (#4188)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: CHANGELOG.md

-->

# 5.20.0

> ## @rjsf/core 
> 
> - Support allowing raising errors from within a custom whatever [#2718](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/2718)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## @rjsf/core 

- Support allowing raising errors from within a custom Widget [#2718](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/2718)

## @rjsf/utils

- Updated the `WidgetProps` type to add `es?: ErrorSchema<T>, id?: string` to the params of the `onChange` handler function

## Dev / docs / playground

-  Update the `custom-widget-fields.md` to add documentation for how to raise errors from a custom widget or field
```

-->

# 5.20.0

## @rjsf/core 

- Support allowing raising errors from within a custom Widget [#2718](https://github.com/rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form/issues/2718)

## @rjsf/utils

- Updated the `WidgetProps` type to add `es?: ErrorSchema<T>, id?: string` to the params of the `onChange` handler function

## Dev / docs / playground

> -  Update the `custom-widget-fields.md` to add documentation for how to raise errors from a custom widget or field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Update the `custom-widget-fields.md` to add documentation for how to raise errors from a custom widget or field

```
